.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## What are the changes introduced in this PR?

Write a brief explainer on your code changes.

## Please explain the objectives of your changes below

Put down any required details on the broader aspect of your changes. If there are any dependent changes, **mandatorily** mention them here

### Type of change

If the pull request is a **bug-fix**, **enhancement** or a **refactor**, please fill in the details on the changes made.

- Existing capabilities/behavior

- New capabilities/behavior

If the pull request is a **new feature**,

### Any technical or performance related pointers to consider with the change?

N/A

### Any new dependencies introduced with this change?

N/A

### Any new generic utility introduced or modified. Please explain the changes.

N/A

### If the PR has changes in more than 10 files, please mention why the changes were not split into multiple PRs.

N/A

### If multiple linear tasks are associated with the PR changes, please elaborate on the reason:

N/A

<hr>

### Developer checklist

- [ ] **No breaking changes are being introduced.**

- [ ] Are all related docs linked with the PR?

- [ ] Are all changes manually tested?

- [ ] Does this change require any documentation changes?

- [ ] Are relevant unit and component test-cases added?

### Reviewer checklist

- [ ] Is the type of change in the PR title appropriate as per the changes?

- [ ] Verified that there are no credentials or confidential data exposed with the changes.

Commit message:

chore: update pr template (#2956)
* chore: update pr template

* chore: address comments

* Update .github/pull_request_template.md

Co-authored-by: Krishna Chaitanya <chaithu.kitti@gmail.com>

* Update .github/pull_request_template.md

Co-authored-by: Krishna Chaitanya <chaithu.kitti@gmail.com>

* chore: updated checklist

* chore: fix linear, heading

---------

Co-authored-by: Krishna Chaitanya <chaithu.kitti@gmail.com>

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## What are the changes introduced in this PR?

Write a brief explainer on your code changes.

## What is the related Linear task?

Resolves INT-XXX

## Please explain the objectives of your changes below

Put down any required details on the broader aspect of your changes. If there are any dependent changes, **mandatorily** mention them here

### Any changes to existing capabilities/behaviour, mention the reason & what are the changes ?

N/A

### Any new dependencies introduced with this change?

N/A

### Any new generic utility introduced or modified. Please explain the changes.

N/A

### Any technical or performance related pointers to consider with the change?

N/A

<hr>

### Developer checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project

- [ ] **No breaking changes are being introduced.**

- [ ] All related docs linked with the PR?

- [ ] All changes manually tested?

- [ ] Any documentation changes needed with this change?

- [ ] Is the PR limited to 10 file changes?

- [ ] Is the PR limited to one linear task?

- [ ] Are relevant unit and component test-cases added?

### Reviewer checklist

- [ ] Is the type of change in the PR title appropriate as per the changes?

- [ ] Verified that there are no credentials or confidential data exposed with the changes.
